procedures/README.md, before:

# Procedures Utility

This repository contains the utility code for adding value sets to the snowstorm server and to Bahmni procedures. More details can be found in [this](https://bahmni.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/BAH/pages/3132686337/SNOMED+FHIR+Terminology+Server+Integration+with+Bahmni) Wiki link

# Run

1. This utility requires Node, npm.

### One time installation:

These steps need to performed ONLY the FIRST TIME you set up this code.

1. Install node/npm (node version: 10.11.0). Preferably use nvm, so that you have control over which project uses which version of node. See:

   * [how to install Node using nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm).
   * [how to install NodeJS on mac](https://www.newline.co/@Adele/how-to-install-nodejs-and-npm-on-macos--22782681)

### Environment Variables

| Variable          | Description                     | Example                                                                       |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| SAVE_VALUESET_URL | Snowstorm server value set url | https://snowstorm.snomed.mybahmni.in/fhir/ValueSet                            |
| BAHMNI_SERVER_URL | Bahmni procedures endpoint      | https://{bahmni.instance.com}/openmrs/ws/rest/v1/terminologyServices/valueSet |
| USERNAME          | Bahmni username                 | superman                                                                      |
| PASSWORD          | Bahmi password                  | Admin123                                                                      |

### Inputs

1. copy your procedures csv file into the `public` directory. The csv file **MUST** have the following fields:

| Target code                                     | Body Site Categories   |
| ----------------------------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| snomed code for the procedure e.g. (1119420003) | Body site e.g. (Head) |

### Commands

Run these commands from within the root folder.

1. `npm install`
2. `npm start`

Commit message:

BS-109 | Vijay | add disclaimer for curation of procedures

procedures/README.md, after:

# Procedures Utility

This repository contains the utility code for adding value sets to the snowstorm server and to Bahmni procedures. More details can be found in [this](https://bahmni.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/BAH/pages/3132686337/SNOMED+FHIR+Terminology+Server+Integration+with+Bahmni) Wiki link

# Run

1. This utility requires Node, npm.

### One time installation:

These steps need to performed ONLY the FIRST TIME you set up this code.

1. Install node/npm (node version: 10.11.0). Preferably use nvm, so that you have control over which project uses which version of node. See:

   * [how to install Node using nvm](https://github.com/nvm-sh/nvm).
   * [how to install NodeJS on mac](https://www.newline.co/@Adele/how-to-install-nodejs-and-npm-on-macos--22782681)

### Environment Variables

| Variable          | Description                     | Example                                                                       |
| ----------------- | ------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| SAVE_VALUESET_URL | Snowstorm server value set url | https://snowstorm.snomed.mybahmni.in/fhir/ValueSet                            |
| BAHMNI_SERVER_URL | Bahmni procedures endpoint      | https://{bahmni.instance.com}/openmrs/ws/rest/v1/terminologyServices/valueSet |
| USERNAME          | Bahmni username                 | superman                                                                      |
| PASSWORD          | Bahmi password                  | Admin123                                                                      |

### Inputs
Disclaimer: Bahmni doesn't ship with any curated content of procedures. It is individual's responsibility that is making use of this utility to upload procedures based on their requirements.

1. copy your procedures csv file into the `public` directory. The csv file **MUST** have the following fields:

| Target code                                     | Body Site Categories   |
| ----------------------------------------------- | ---------------------- |
| snomed code for the procedure e.g. (1119420003) | Body site e.g. (Head) |

### Commands

Run these commands from within the root folder.

1. `npm install`
2. `npm start`
